[DOCS] Streamlined GS indexing topic. (#45714)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/getting-started.asciidoc

// TESTRESPONSE[s/"_seq_no" : \d+/"_seq_no" : $body._seq_no/ ]
// TESTRESPONSE[s/"_primary_term" : \d+/"_primary_term" : $body._primary_term/]

[float]
[[getting-started-batch-processing]]
=== Indexing documents in bulk

If you have a lot of documents to index, you can submit them in batches with
the {ref}/docs-bulk.html[`_bulk` API]. Using `_bulk` to batch document
operations is significantly faster than submitting requests individually as it minimizes network roundtrips. 

The optimal batch size depends a number of factors: the document size and complexity, the indexing and search load, and the resources available to your cluster. A good place to start is with batches of 1,000 to 5,000 documents
and a total payload between 5 and 15MB. From there, you can do some
testing to find the sweet spot.

> To get some data into {es} that you can start searching and analyzing

Reviewer: Probably want to complete this sentence or add punctuation.

> . Download the https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/blob/master/docs/src/test/resources/accounts.json?raw=true[accounts.json] sample data set. The  documents in this randomly-generated data set represent user accounts with the following information:

Reviewer: Remove double space.
```suggestion
. Download the https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/blob/master/docs/src/test/resources/accounts.json?raw=true[accounts.json] sample data set. The documents in this randomly-generated data set represent user accounts with the following information:
```

--------------------------------------------------
// NOTCONSOLE

> . Index the account data into the _bank_ index with the following `_bulk` request.

Reviewer: > _bank_ index

I've been using literals for index names. So this would be `bank` index.

I'm not sure I have a strong preference as long as we're consistent, although I'm not a big fan of italics generally.

Author: According to the style guide, it should be `bank` index

// CONSOLE
// TEST[setup:bank]
////
+

> The response indicates that 1000 documents were indexed successfully.

Reviewer: Add comma to `1000` for consistency with earlier section.
```suggestion
The response indicates that 1,000 documents were indexed successfully.
```
